---
published: true
layout: default-theme-wet-boew-en
title: Meeting summary - WET-BOEW documentatin
description: Summary of what has been discussed at the meeting.
modified: 2018-03-19
---

Summary of what has been discussed at the meeting.

## Roadmap

2018-03-14 ( 9 participants )
* Re-introduce and walk through the new [wet-boew documentation](https://wet-boew.github.io/wet-boew-documentation/index-en.html) website.
* We openly discussed about the current projects like the design system and the accessiblity project.
* Introduced and general discussion about what each section means and their purpose.
* We have talk, high level discussion, about what are the requirement for next version of WET. Like the need to better support web apps, be more modular, be less opiniated, have an easy way to setup dev environment (build)
* Collected a list of interested member to be part of a WB5 committee/group/task force.
* WB5 commitee will report to roadmap and wb5 discussion would be aside the roadmap meeting

2018-02-23 ( 2 participants )
* Introduce and walk through the new [wet-boew documentation](https://wet-boew.github.io/wet-boew-documentation/index-en.html) website.
* Improvement for the wet-boew documentation are welcome, submit your suggestion through a github issue or a PR.

## Technical review

Technical review meeting are out of scope by default unless there is a project interest.

2018-02-28 ( 6 participants )
* Member as been requested to send their priority issue they want to move forward
* Identify for the next meeting Github wet-boew repository that have a low/no activity and close their issue tracker.
	* This is to ease maintenance as new issue or updated issue wont be look at.
	* Issue about those repository would be reported to the wet-boew main project
	* Suggestion on those closed repository:
		* Mention in the repo description that issue can be submited in the wet-boew main project
		* Modify the readme and explain how to submit a issue through the wet-boew main project.
* Suggestions: Create a issue.md template file to provide more guidance for when submiting new issue on Github
	* Eric D. would look to submit a PR
 